{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hi Stakeholders,\
\
I have completed a preliminary analysis of the user, brand, and receipt data, and have a few questions I am hoping you might be able to shed some light on.\uc0\u8232 \
As part of the analysis, I performed a number of basic checks such as making sure that ID fields are not duplicated, numeric values fall within the expected ranges, and dates are in the expected order (e.g. the date a user is created should precede the date of the user\'92s last login).\'a0\
\
While most of these checks passed, I did uncover a couple of anomalies. Some of these are clearly issues, and I will get in touch with the development team to address them.\'a0\
\
However, I did want to check with you whether\'a0there is a good business logic reason for one issue identified, which is that there are a number of receipts that are modified after their finish date.\
\
It would also be great to get your help with a couple\'a0of issues with the brands data. The first is that there are a number of brand categories missing category codes. The second is related to brand codes. There are 35 brand records currently missing brand codes, and two brand codes (HUGGIES and GOODNITES) that are associated with multiple brand records.\'a0\
\
If we can resolve those issues, it will greatly enhance our ability to perform brand-level analyses. It would actually be great to set up a call to discuss that further, since I think if we had some more product-level information that would allow us to take a better approach to brand-level analysis overall.\uc0\u8232 \
Finally, I just wanted to point out that whatever approach we end up taking for brand-level analysis, with our current data infrastructure any dashboard we build may eventually become very slow as our business grows.\
\
I know I covered a lot of ground in this email, so happy to jump on a call to continue the conversation that way if you prefer.\
\
Thanks,\
Eli\
}